The true presence of the All-Buddhas, All-Bodhisattvas, and then Dharmapalas, All-Gurus, Deva and
Dakini, in the sky.
And then also, as we pray, they are blessing our prayers so that it performs what we are wishing.
And we chant in English, so you will not really wish that everywhere.
Okay, and then when each four lines, there is a, what's called here, presented,
each four lines in its way of group, the city be presented, that time we will raise our voice, let
it hide, hide, and so on.
And also, if you have something to throw up in the sky, if not, and all the divines in the Buddhas,
the Bodhisattvas,
that are showering down at auspicious and prosperity, peace, and harmony, blessing to every deity
and everywhere,
really feel that and that as we pray. So may the blessings of the root and many dilemmas enter our
hearts,
May the elements of Dharmapalas, like the Bodhisattvas, may the Dharmapalas and Purotikas remove
all obstacles.
Purotikas may the goodness of attend the supreme or ordinary city.
Prasad, may the teachings and studies of the practice, the sutra, and the astray, and the ten
directions,
from the all-brothers as teachings, may them all care again and advantage their activities in
prison, may the terminal of the disease,
and the war in this world, and all the nights, we shall all be satisfied, may the goodness of
everlasting peace, the glory, and the happiness, peace, and harmony.
We do this every day, and we'll all look forward to the ones who have come to get here. May we
thoroughly enjoy the study of some sartan and rana,
may our lifespans increase by the lasting moon, may our amounts spread quietly through the
difference of spirit,
may the gods and the sartan sit down and break down with flowers, may the gods and the love fill
the whole heart with love,
may all the days be contained in the happiness, and may the goodness of harmony be combined with
peace.
May the journey and the opening of the sutra and the students, the angels and followers, may they
be victorious with the joyous and the unenthusiastic.
[Music]
The blessings of the holy sartan, the great power and the complete, the true accumulation, and the
power of the inconceivable, the pure gravitational, may everything be complete, and true.
[Cheering]